Chapter 81: Recovery of the World Tree
[Divine Power 101/500]
One hundred divine power was the cusp of finally escaping this dying state.
When divine power broke through this threshold, Eve instinctively knew He could revive the dying World Tree!
The dying world tree is unable to feast on the ambient mana, but once revived, this innate ability will be unlocked.
Eve had been waiting for this moment for too long.
Immediately, He started concentrating on His revival process.
By His command, one hundred divine power rapidly fled and was consumed. In response, His divine realm began radiating a brilliant green hue. The brilliance blossomed throughout the expanse of His realm and beyond, reaching and breaking through the spiritual realm and reaching to the physical body of the World Tree.
The divine power poured out and enveloped the branches of the world tree….
Divine power split in two strands; one wandered upwards, traveling from the thick trunk and coiling alongside branches, reaching to the crown of the canopy; another meandered downwards, following the roots to the extremities, reaching to the uttermost depths extending to thin and withered root fibers.
Consequently, a primal wave of satisfying pleasure washed over Eve, who felt a strange tingling sensation building up over His form.
Finally, as the crescendo of divine power reached a peak, as if a seal was pierced, the breath of life gushed out and gathered from the World Tree.
In an instant, an aura spread throughout the safety zone, altering the spirits of everyone within.
And then, the ground started to shake, as if something was stirring underneath.
The roots of the World Tree had begun to rejuvenate, with the original frail and withering fibers, growing and tunneling downwards.
Above ground, the terrain shifted and shook, like an earthquake.
"What's Happening?"
"Earth… Earthquake?"
Startled by the shaking of the terrain, the players were anxious.
A player haphazardly glanced back in the direction of the World Tree.
Speechless, His eyes were wide with disbelief, which quickly transformed into excitement and shock.
"Look! Look at the World Tree! The World Tree!"
Hearing him, the other players also turned back.
Immediately, their mouths were agape with shock, too.
The World Tree changed.
The goddess had just recovered, and the condition of the World Tree was near death.
Although the player had seen the full glory of the World Tree in the game trailer, in-game, the tree had already withered.
After the thousand-year war of the gods, the World Tree was left with bare branches and withering leaves.
Furthermore, the withered tree has significantly shrunk physically.
The remaining green clinging to the branches was sparse and rare.
But now, the world tree had changed.
The World Tree is now rejuvenated and full of life.
As far as the eye could see, the magnificent trunk gave off a noble aura of the essence of life and nature.
And at the top of the branches, countless leaf buds were drawn out. Then, they began to sprout and spread their leaves at a speed visible to the naked eye ….
In no time, the original bare and empty branches were covered in uncountable quantities of tender leaves.
In spite of its sparse foliage, the World Tree now looked much more lively and cheerful than it did in its dilapidated state, as if it were welcoming the arrival of spring.
As the World Tree burgeoned, waves of a primordial power spread across the ground, carrying with it the power of law.
All the players in the vicinity who had passed the wave felt as if a current of ice water had just engulfed them from head to toe. There was a sense of awe coming spiritually into the soul.
This is the natural response to the spiritual oppression of higher beings onto mortal lifeforms.
Following the burgeoning World Tree, a magnificent green vortex of light stretches out from the trunk as its center.
The players that had come into contact with the brilliant light felt a physical change in themselves.
Those who had checked their stats found that they had varying growths in experience and power.
Druid classes, though, were in a league of their own when compared to buffs from before.
Meanwhile, the brilliant vortex of light continued to propagate and prompted all plants in the forest to thrive at a rapid rate, especially the ones in the safe zone and with the World Tree in the center.
As if possessed, the shrubs and vegetation began to spontaneously sprout and burgeon with fanatical motions as their palms waved and grew to the visible eye.
Even those trees that had been cut down by the players for wood had sprouted anew into hearty saplings.
Not just undergoing a rebirth, these saplings had grown ten meters in under a minute.
As far as the eye could see, the ground has been fully covered in green once again.
Even the wooden houses built by the players began to grow leaves.
Even more magically, they began to bud flowers and bear fruit.
Nature had healed in a way that, as if shepherded by a will.
Neither the public works nor the houses of the player had been damaged by nature; the will of nature had taken them into consideration and had added to them in a benign way.
At once, the village had been transformed into a sea of flowers and thriving greenery.
Countless flower pedals flew in the air, creating an orchestra of a thousand colors in the sky.
The players were all stunned in surprise.
"My house is alive now, wow!"
"Wow, my house is a tree house now."
"It looks so pretty!"
"Isn't this too extravagant? Has the World Tree fully recovered?"
There were even players who casually picked the fruit off of people's houses and took a bite.
"Sweet."
The forest and shrubbery in a 30-kilometer radius were rapidly revitalized and faced the World Tree.
They bent down their branches and stems as if they were bowing to their general.
The players were shocked by this act of nature "worshiping".
All things were in adoration.
The awe it brings to the senses and in the flesh is indescribable!
Being the cause and center of all this development, Eve felt immense changes in himself comparable to heaven and earth.
As soon as leaves sprouted and reached for the skies, His grip on the world began to strengthen by leaps and bounds. His zone of control of 10 kilometers was enlarged to 30 kilometers!
After the resurgence of the World Tree, the divine power spent on recovery started to accumulate rapidly, and Eve's divine power began to recover rapidly.
Hitting 90 points of divine power, the rally of divine power slowed.
Eve checked her status once again.
[Name: Eve Euktrahill]
 [Race: World Tree (Ancient God)]
 [Status: Weak divine power]
 [Godhead: Nature, Life, Elves]
 [Titles: Mother Nature, Goddess of Life, Patron God of the Elves]
 [Divine Power Value: 90/3000]
 [Believer Count: 222 (Saints 1, fanatics 3, devotees 31, shallow believers 187)]
 [Abilities: draw, communicate, bestow, enlighten, heal, summon, divine descent …]
"Draw?"
Seeing the new ability, Eve's heart was trembling in excitement.