Chapter 82: Draw!
“Draw”?
If Eve was right, then this was the original ability of the World Tree to draw energy.
As the Ancient Gods, they had the power to seemingly manifest energy from nothing, by doing so literally from the Void itself, or other such methods.
Now emerging from the deathly slumber, Eve has gained the power of Draw!
~He focused ~His will on the newfound ability, and the relevant information subsequently revealed itself.
[Draw: The original ability of the primary form of the World Tree to manifest energy; targets the Void origin, dimensional planes, and life itself, which are drawn and transformed into divine power]
It really was the ability to consolidate divine power!
Eve felt deeply overjoyed.
However, looking at the details of this ability, ~He found something peculiar….
“The World Tree’s primary form?”
This was the first time ~He has heard of this phrase ever since becoming the World Tree long ago; even in the legends and myths of the Word Tree, it was never mentioned.
“Could there be other forms? Which form did the previous World Tree reach?”
Eve can't help but wonder...
If the primary form was already approaching the power of a weak Ancient God, then what were the subsequent forms like?
Medium divine power?
Strong divine power?
Or— something more?
Suddenly, Eve found ~Himself humbled.
Then, ~He focused on the targets of Draw—.
"The Void origin, dimensional planes, life itself..."
The world of Cygnus is inherently different from the Milky Way.
Instead, they could be categorized as two completely separate universes.
The Milky Way is dotted with countless constellations full of planets and stars. Galaxies such as the Milky Way make up the celestial universe.
In contrast, the world of Cygnus is completely different.
Cygnus is of a web of many planar worlds.
The planar universe consists of many planes of varying sizes and environmental conditions, each world is sealed in a bubble-like barrier, and the web is suspended in an imperceptible aether.
In Cygnus, this primal aether is coined as the Void.
Cygnus— the world of Eve’s arrival, is the most ancient in this web and accommodates a high dimensional level.
Life springs easily from the main plane, which contains the most favorable laws of the web.
It’s said that the Cygnus plane was the origin of all life in the planar universe.
Contemplating the origin of the Cygnus universe got Eve thinking about the related powers of Draw, and a thought struck:
“The reason the former World Tree was targeted… It couldn't have been because of the power of Draw, right?”
Targeting the Void origin is mundane, yet on the other hand, an ability that can directly target the origin of planes themselves can pose a serious threat.
Alas, the origin of a plane sustains its very essence, so drawing on this critical resource can cause the plane to lower in dimensional level and even collapse.
As for drawing from the essence of life….
The gods of old… especially the gods of faith — worship and faith are the lifeblood of their godhead — an ability that could sap this would essentially hold them hostage.
If the predecessor had really been pursuing this form of absolute control over the origin of the plane, then it wouldn’t be unrealistic for the gods to organize and besiege ~Him in the heavenly war a thousand-years prior.
Though, if that were true, then the World Tree would have likely been framed as an evil god — yet, Eve has never heard of this slander.
Although the World Tree was already withered and ruined, judging by the reaction of the Orcs, the beings of the world still held reverence and respect for the ancient god.
Moreover, the elves — a race born from the World Tree — are a symbol of peace, grace, and nobility.
“Truly, the mystery of the heavenly war is shrouded in darkness."
Eve sighs.
Musing to a dead end, ~He decided to try to Draw.
After calming down and consulting intuition, Eve activated the ability.
As soon as Draw was activated, Eve’s field of vision shifted.
~He found that ~His senses had begun expanding until ~He had broken beyond the barrier of the Cygnus plane and could “see” the Void.
Moreover, ~He could even “see” the imperceptible aether that made up the Void.
Small clouds of light carried the energy of the Void— as they swirled around throughout the empty Void— energy was eaten continuously by the Cygnus plane— simultaneously, new clouds of light were birthed from the Void in an equilibrium.
"Is this the ~origin power of the Void?"
Eve was awed as Draw underwent.
In ~His state of fascination, countless more clouds of energy sped due course for the Cygnus plane.
Vast quantities of light rushed through the Cygnus plane— portions were absorbed by the plane itself— whilst other slices passed the barrier and rushed towards Eve’s figure.
As Void energy surged— Eve felt a strange tingling sensation and divine power aggrandized.
One point… two points… three points…
The surge only slowed down gradually after accumulating 30 points.
The evanescent moment concluded with the downturn of incoming light — the flow of divine power had stabilized.
Greedily, Eve peered back into the Void and found that the surrounding aether had all been consumed— distant aether had not yet diffused to fill the absence.
~He estimated on the current rate of diffusion and adsorption, ~He could be guaranteed one point of divine power around every ten days.
“What a powerful ability! At this rate, even if I do nothing, I’ll still be able to reach weak divine power!”
Eve was delighted.
Emerging from the deathly state, ~His divine power cap had reached 3000.
At 3000 points of divine power, the cap of weak divine power is hit— beyond— one has to advance ~His godhead or laws.
However, in Eve’s case, the godhead is already advanced— as ~He gains divine power, ~He can simply return to the prior level of the predecessor.
In other words, once he reaches 3000 points of divine power, he will be able to advance to weak divine power immediately.
This is why Uriel was so rash in getting the godhead of nature and life.
It is divine power that determines where the gods rank, without which their power is limited by capacity.
“Draw… indeed, a very strong ability!”
Eve was over-satisfied.
While admiring ~His newfound ability, the entire plane of Cygnus shook with changes….
Eve sensed the level of magical power in the Cygnus realm was rising almost at a rate visible to the naked eye, and in the blink of an eye, it was a whole percent higher than before!